Group sensor add stdev (#32656)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/group.markdown

### Sensor groups

> - The group state is combined / calculated based on `type` selected to determine the minimum, maximum, latest (last), mean, median, range, product, stdev or sum of the collected states.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The group state is combined / calculated based on `type` selected to determine the minimum, maximum, latest (last), mean, median, range, product, standard deviation, or sum of the collected states.
```
